Revamp project & organization access page (#3212)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/administration/users.md

title: Administer users
weight: 1
sidebarTitle: Users
description: Manage user access and permissions across all your projects and organizations.
---

Platform.sh offers very granular and flexible user permissions across projects and organizations. 
When a user is added to a project, they are automatically added to your organization.

## Manage project access

If you have set up an external integration to GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket and your users can't clone the project locally,
see how to [troubleshoot source integrations](../integrations/source/troubleshoot.md).

### Project roles

> A user can have one of the following role to control their access at the project level:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user can have one of the following roles to control their access at project level:
```

| Role           | View environment | Push code | Manage user access | Change settings | Execute actions on all environments |
|----------------|------------------|-----------|--------------------|-----------------|-------------------------------------|
| Project admin  | Yes              | Yes       | Yes                | Yes             | Yes                                 |
| Project viewer | Yes              | No        | No                 | No              | No                                  |

By default, organization owners have **Project admin** access on all of the projects within their organization.

### Environment type roles

An environment type (Production, Staging, and Development) groups one or more environments together so that you can manage access for all environments of that type:

- A role assigned to an environment type applies to all environments of that type.
- Only one environment per project can be the of type: Production.
  It is set automatically as the default branch and can't be overridden separately.
- You can change an environment's type (except for the Production environment).
- You can have multiple Staging and Development environments.

> An user can have one of the following role on an environment type which grants them permissions on all environments of this type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user can have one of the following roles on an environment type which grants them permissions on all environments of this type:
```
